Docs: Adyen google pay (#6371)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/integrations/adyen.md

Afterpay requires the customer's email addresses. It will be read from `cart.customerEmail` with fallback to the `cart.customer.email` field. Make sure the e-mail address is available in one of these properties.
:::

> ## Google Pay configuration
> To enable Google Pay, you have to add a new payment method in Adyen's dashboard. Then add `paywithgoogle` to the `availablePaymentMethods` array in `nuxt.config.js`:
> ```js
> // nuxt.config.js
> 
> export default {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Google Pay configuration

To enable Google Pay, you have to add a new payment method in Adyen's dashboard. Then, in the `nuxt.config.js` file add `paywithgoogle` to the `availablePaymentMethods` array:

```js
// nuxt.config.js
export default {
```

  modules: [
    ['@vsf-enterprise/adyen/nuxt', {
      availablePaymentMethods: [
        'scheme',
        'paywithgoogle'
      ],
      // ...
    }]
  ]
};
```

> Read [Adyen's document about the Google Pay](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods/google-pay/web-drop-in?tab=version_3_13_0_and_later_1#configure) to check available configuration options and learn how to test this payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [Adyen's document about Google Pay](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods/google-pay/web-drop-in?tab=version_3_13_0_and_later_1#configure) to check available configuration options and learn how to test this payment method.
```

> If you want to pass aditional configuration options for the Google Pay then use `methods.paywithgoogle`. E.g:
> ```js
> // nuxt.config.js
> 
> export default {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pass additional configuration options for Google Pay, use the `methods.paywithgoogle` property. E.g:

```js
// nuxt.config.js
export default {
```
